It's fine.
This is mine.
My tree.
Oh, brilliant.
Thanks.
I didn't have any breakfast.
So, we left off at paragraph 10.
Listen, I don't have it in me today.
I got like two hours sleep.
You are right.
Just super stressed.
I can't focus.
I'm really sorry.
My boyfriend, school, work,
everything else.
I just don't even have time to breathe.
When my schedule gets a bit crazy,
I focus on organizing what I can.
How about that?
I give everything a proper place.
Yeah, I'm not really the organization type.
But I can help.
I mean, if you want.
I guess a little help couldn't hurt.
So, how organized is your place right now?
OK.
Well, where should we start?
You're the neat freak.
You tell me.
Let's try and find the bed.
We'll work from there.